### Reflection - Milestone 4
This week we added additional pages to our dashboard, tidied our “learn more” page, and improved general styling and app layout to make it more professional.

We have implemented the Machine learning page, it mainly focuses on the prediction and interpretation of the classification tree model based on the variable of interests. We faced lots of technical difficulties during the implementation stage. In particular, getting plots to show on the dashboard which are generated from packages other than plotly and ggplot proved to be not only difficult, but near impossible as far as we could tell (unless we use static PNG images). Therefore,  we decided to use the rpart function to generate the tree model, then transform the result into a special tree structure dataframe which could be used in ggplot. After solving those problems,we are able to show the plot on our dashboard properly. 

A lot of the feedback we received on our earlier iteration was how busy our app looked. Our overview page was a wall of text which worked to immediately turn users away from trying to use the app. We addressed this by cutting down the word count substantially to only include necessary information, and separating the page into a couple of tabs. This way, users could more easily find the information they’re looking for, then capture key information in only a few sentences.

We also learned from feedback that sometimes it’s necessary to reduce the functionality of visualization software to make it more user-friendly. A positive outcome of reduced functionality is that each visualization now has a more focused  goal. In our earlier version, we had a page dedicated to comparing the chemical properties of red wine and white wine. This made for a busy and hard to read correlation matrix plot, as each correlation required overlaid graphics for red and white wines. In the end we removed the functionality of comparing red and white wines entirely, as it’s not relevant to our main goal of predicting quality. Our new page generates correlation matrix plots for a single wine type at a time, and looks much cleaner.


We received feedback from our presentation that it is not immediately obvious what the purpose of the app is, so it was important to us to ensure that every page worked towards the goal of helping users understand how different variables contribute to wine quality. We also altered our presentation to include a use case which showed potential users how our dashboard could address a specific problem as in the scenario.
