### Reflection - Milestone 3

Implementing the dashboard in R has been quite frustrating, as the dash functionality in R is quite a bit less intuitive than in Python. The general structure makes the code much harder to read. Divisions are nested in each other for every layer of the layout, which creates an unwieldy amount of brackets. We also struggled quite a bit with the CSS, and with deployment on Heroku.

In this iteration of the dashboard, we implemented some of the feedback we received to streamline the dashboard a bit. Notably, we changed the structure of the dashboard considerably by changing our pages from “Wine Type Comparison” and “Quality Factors” to “Quality Distribution”, “Correlation”, and “Exploration”. This new layout hopefully makes the intent of each page more obvious. We also removed the functionality of directly comparing red and white wines entirely, as it made the visualizations quite busy. We decided that comparing the two wine types served little purpose in our overall goal of predicting wine quality from physicochemical properties, and the current simpler correlation plots are worth losing that information. The final big change we made was to move the overview page into an “additional information” tab as “learn more” and drastically reduce the word count on the first page, which may overload the information for users. In this form, users aren’t assaulted with a wall of text as soon as they open the app, and can immediately start interacting with the visualizations, only needing to consult the information page if they want to learn more. In addition, we also include a tab for raw data as users may need to see the original data to get an idea about the properties included in the dashboard.

There are certainly still some things that need work before the app is ready for public consumption. Consistency between pages needs to be improved, since all three pages use different mechanisms for wine type selection (dropdown, checklist, radio buttons respectively). Most formatting issues are due to the CSS files, with small changes to the style document necessary for some pages while breaking the formatting of others. Lastly, we will look into the option to implement the “Machine Learning” tab in the dashboard to serve the intent of prediction for users more closely.
